Adds release notes for FM dotnet 3.3.0 (#914)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/Microsoft.Featuremanagement.md

[Source code][source_code] | [Package (NuGet)][package] | [Samples][samples] | [Product documentation][docs]

## 3.3.0 - May 8, 2024

### Enhancements

> * Added a `Recurrence` option to the `TimeWindow` filter to support recurring time windows. This enables scenarios such as enabling the flag every day after five PM or enabling the flag on Fridays. See more details [here](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet?tab=readme-ov-file#recurrence-pattern). ([#266](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/266))

Reviewer: Added a `Recurrence` option to the `TimeWindow` filter to support recurring time window. This enables scenarios where a feature flag is activated based on recurrence patterns, such as every day after 5 PM or every Friday.
```suggestion
* Added a `Recurrence` option to the `TimeWindow` filter to support recurring time window. This enables scenarios where a feature flag is activated based on recurrence patterns, such as every day after 5 PM or every Friday. See more details [here](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet?tab=readme-ov-file#recurrence-pattern). ([#266](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/266))
```

> * Added a `Recurrance` option to the `TimeWindow` filter. This allows a recurring period when the filter will be on. Now you can enable the flag every day after 5 PM or perhaps on Fridays from noon to 6 PM. ([#266](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/266)). See more details [here](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet?tab=readme-ov-file#recurrence-pattern).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a `Recurrence` option to the `TimeWindow` filter to support recurring time windows. This enables scenarios such as enabling the flag every day after five PM or enabling the flag on Fridays. ([#266](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/266)). See more details [here](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet?tab=readme-ov-file#recurrence-pattern).
```

> * Adjusted the built-in filters to optionally require a `LoggerFactory`. ([#386](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/386)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adjusted built-in filters to optionally require a `LoggerFactory`. ([#386](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/386)).
```

> * Adjusted the built-in filters to optionally require a `LoggerFactory`. ([#386](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/386)).

Reviewer 2: This is confusing me. Is it that we no longer require logger factory?

Reviewer 2: optionally required sounds like an oxymoron.

Author: Yes. The built-in filters will default to null if no LoggerFactory is available. Do you prefer:

Made `LoggerFactory` an optional dependency for built-in filters

Reviewer 2: Reasonable, but dependency is vague. How about 

A `LoggerFactory` is no longer a required when constructing built-in filters.

Author: Adjusted to

> A `LoggerFactory` is no longer required when constructing built-in filters.

### Bug fixes

> * Previously, refreshing while enumerating the async enumerable returned by `GetFeatureNamesAsync` could cause a null pointer exception. Now, enumeration will skip the flag if the definition is suddenly missing. ([#438](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/438))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a possible null-reference exception when enumerating `GetFeatureNamesAsync`. ([#438](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/438))
```
